Update wasm.md to include some HTTP instructions (#3649)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/wasm.md

dependencies. This allows use of WebAssembly with no installation process
except Dapr itself.

> The WASM output binding supports making HTTP client calls using the [wasi-http](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-http) specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wasm output binding supports making HTTP client calls using the [wasi-http](https://github.com/WebAssembly/wasi-http) specification.
```

You can find example code for making HTTP calls in a variety of languages here:
* [Golang](https://github.com/dev-wasm/dev-wasm-go/tree/main/http)
* [C](https://github.com/dev-wasm/dev-wasm-c/tree/main/http)

> * [dotnet](https://github.com/dev-wasm/dev-wasm-dotnet/tree/main/http)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [.NET](https://github.com/dev-wasm/dev-wasm-dotnet/tree/main/http)
```

* [TypeScript](https://github.com/dev-wasm/dev-wasm-ts/tree/main/http)

> Note that if you just want to make an HTTP call, it is simpler to use the [service invocation API]({{< ref howto-invoke-non-dapr-endpoints.md >}}). However if you need to add your own logic, for example filtering or calling to multiple API endpoints, then consider using WebAssembly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
If you just want to make an HTTP call, it is simpler to use the [service invocation API]({{< ref howto-invoke-non-dapr-endpoints.md >}}). However, if you need to add your own logic - for example, filtering or calling to multiple API endpoints - consider using Wasm.
{{% /alert %}}
```

> Note that if you just want to make an HTTP call, it is far simpler to use the [HTTP Binding](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/http/) but if you need to add your own logic, for example filtering or calling to different api endpoints, then it makes sense to use WebAssembly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you just want to make an HTTP call, it is simpler to use the [service invocation API]({{< ref howto-invoke-non-dapr-endpoints.md >}}). However if you need to add your own logic, for example filtering or calling to multiple API endpoints, then consider using WebAssembly.
```
